localizatiopn info (#432)
worldcoin/world-id-docs: src/pages/mini-apps/virality/virality.mdx

### Meta tag images

In the developer portal, you can specify a meta tag image that will be shown when your app is shared on
social platforms. If the image is not set, we fallback to your first showcase image.

> The updated metatag will start showing up 1 hour after your app is approved. You can also localize these images,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The updated meta tag will start showing up 1 hour after your app is approved. You can also localize these images,
```
